updating <details> to <Accordion> and remove pre-course survey (#4927)
Qiskit/documentation: learning/courses/quantum-business-foundations/quantum-computing-fundamentals.mdx

#### Check your understanding

True or false: Quantum circuits are not physical devices.

<Accordion>
<AccordionItem title="Answer">

> True. A quantum circuit is an abstract representation of a set of instructions that make up a quantum algorithm. We can use a visual tool like the IBM [Composer](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/composer) or a programming language like [Qiskit](/docs/guides) to construct quantum circuits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
True. A quantum circuit is an abstract representation of a set of instructions that make up a quantum algorithm. We can use a visual tool like [IBM Quantum Composer](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/composer) or a software development kit (SDK) like [Qiskit](/docs/guides/tools-intro) to construct quantum circuits.
```
pre-existing wording tweak (and fixes issue raised by https://github.com/ShayokhShorfuddin)
